OSDOCS10283: Added a known issue regarding oc-mirror. (#75077)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc

* If you have IPsec enabled on the cluster, on the node hosting the north-south IPsec connection, restarting the `ipsec.service` systemd unit or restarting the `ovn-ipsec-host` pod causes a loss of the IPsec connection. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/RHEL-26878[*RHEL-26878*])

> * When mirroring operator catalogs, `oc-mirror` rebuilds the catalogs and regenerates their internal cache according to `imagesetconfig` catalog filtering specifications. This operation requires the use of the `opm` binary found within the catalogs. In 4.15, operator catalogs include the `opm` RHEL 9 binary, causing the mirroring process to fail when running on RHEL 8 systems. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31536[*OCPBUGS-31536*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Currently, there is a known issue with the mirroring of operator catalogs. The `oc-mirror` rebuilds the catalogs and regenerates their internal cache according to the `imagesetconfig` catalog filtering specifications. This operation requires the use of the `opm` binary contained in the catalogs. In OpenShift Container Platform 4.15, the operator catalogs contain the `opm` RHEL 9 binary, which causes the mirroring process to fail on RHEL 8 systems. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-31536[*OCPBUGS-31536*])
```

Author: Ack.
